Retries vs. Restarts vs. Replays (#307)
kestra-io/kestra.io: content/docs/05.developer-guide/07.errors-handling.md

| ---------- | ----------- | ----------- |
|`minInterval`|`Duration`|Minimal duration between each retry.|
|`maxInterval`|`Duration`|Maximum duration between each retry.|

## Retry vs. Restart vs. Replay

### Automatic vs. manual 

> **Retries** ensure that failed task runs are *automatically* rerun within the *same Execution*. Apart from retries, you can also *manually* rerun the flow from the Flow Execution page in the UI using the **Restart** or **Replay** buttons.

Reviewer: Maybe add a precision that retries are configured in the flow/task

Author: this seems to be explained in the previous section of the doc so didn't want to repeat but how would you rephrase that to include it without repeating the previous section? feel free to just suggest changes and I can either accept or suggest a different option

Author: Is that clearer?

"**Retries** ensure that failed task runs are *automatically* rerun within the *same Execution*. Apart from retries, defined within your flow code, you can also *manually* rerun the flow from the Flow Execution page in the UI using the **Restart** or **Replay** buttons."

Reviewer: Yes, clearer

![replay_restart.png](/docs/developer-guide/failure/replay_restart.png)

### Restart vs. Replay
While **Restart** will rerun failed tasks within the current Execution (*i.e., without creating a new execution*), a **Replay** would result in a completely new run with a different Execution ID than the initial run.

![replay.png](/docs/developer-guide/failure/replay.png)

> When you replay an Execution, a new (child) execution gets created. However, you can still track which Execution triggered this new run thanks to the `Original Execution` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you replay an Execution, a new execution gets created for the same flow. However, you can still track which Execution triggered this new run thanks to the `Original Execution` field:
```

Child execution may be misleading as we have subflow concept
